# Game Review for (GAME TITLE)

## Details

### Game Title
The name of the game, subtitle, and the url or information on how to find the game.
Pokemon Ultra Moon https://www.pokemon-sunmoon.com/ultra/en-us/

### Rating
Insert your rating system.
From highest to lowest score: A B C D E F 

## Summary
This game is about... this should be at least 3-4 paragraphs summarising the gameplay mechanics of the game. You should be answering the who, what, when, where, why, and how of the game itself.
This game is a enchanced version of the original game about a 11 year old kid and his rival/friend who you meet about 20 seconds into the game and become best friends, setting off on a native right of passage called the "Island Challenge" on the continent of "Alola" which goes away from the original pokemon games with no "Gym Leaders" which are the leaders of 8 territories and then fighting the "Elite Four" the four strongest trainers and the champion to fighting with no real goal in mind besides just completing said Island Challenge. Along the way catching adorable monsters each with unique stats and abilities and elemental affinities called types and using them to fight other monsters on an endless cycle to complete the Island Challenge. Fights between monsters are primarily One v One turn based battles where each pokemon has a maximum of 4 moves they can use at one time and those moves are split between Physical(Physical Damage) Moves, Special(Non-Physical Damage) Moves, and Status Moves using all these to kill the opposing pokemon, and if it's a battle with another human they'll have upwards to 6 pokemon and either fight One v One or Two v Two until all pokemon are K.O.d and take the losers money and leave there poke friends dead on the ground. As you continue on the journey eventually your pokemon will evolve and become stronger than they were before sort of like Digimon but they don't change back. Eventually you get wrapped into protecting the entire continent because your friend and a pokemon were kidnapped interuppting your Island Challenge but that distraction ends quickly enough and with perfect timing you finish the challenge and at the end of your journey you learn that the "Elite Four" was created while you were saving the continent so now your journey has a point besides sentimentality, become the very best that "literally" no one every was becuase there is no champion of Alola. The Elite Four slightly change up the repetitive battles of pokemon by switching out pokemon using items when there health is low and actually having 6 pokemon instead of 5 pokemon, doesn't really matter honestly since I only used primarily my first pokemon the entire game so it could one shot there team but it was a nice change of pace and could've been a minor challenge.

## Final Thoughts
I like this about the game but didn't like this particular feature. This should be at a minimum of one paragraph.
I love half of the pokemon games and whith the original version and the enhanced version I will now only play enhancded version. The story of this game is a nice change from the others instead of running around a prideful kid who wants everyone to know your the best around you just get roped into completing a native challenge after you just move there and along the way you end up saving the continent because your friend gets kidnapped and the pokemon they care for is fused with a boss pokemon so you actually have a reason to save the continent, instead of everyone saying you an 11 year old kid hast to save the world because your are the only person strong enough to save it and not the Champion or the Elite Four. In the original game I hated how the person who created the Elite Four in Alola was the person I had to fight to become the Champion, but in the enhanced you fight your rival the person who technically went through the same journey i went through besides saving the continent and have an intense fight to decide who is the greatest. And it's actually a challenging fight since everyone else uses the same type of pokemon or only uses 5 or less. Not your rival though they actually want to win
